2018/07/25, 09:01 - Messages to this group are now secured with end-to-end encryption. Tap for more info.
2018/07/25, 09:01 - You created group "Software Design Project"
2018/07/25, 10:20 - motsilp: Guys it turns out that a group of 6 is okay
2018/07/25, 10:22 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: But where will we get the other 2 people? And do we really have to be 6?
2018/07/25, 10:23 - motsilp: Nelly
2018/07/25, 10:24 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: 6 is a lot though
2018/07/25, 10:26 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: That's what I was also thinking,I'm pretty confident we can handle it with the 4 of us or 5 if Nelly is in but 6 can be a bit crowded
2018/07/25, 10:27 - motsilp: I'm cool with 4
2018/07/25, 10:34 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Yeah plus Nelly is in a group of 3 now so they just need a fourth and I'm okay working as 4 especially because all of us are easily accessible
2018/07/25, 10:37 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: Seconded
2018/07/25, 10:37 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Then 4 it is
2018/07/25, 19:01 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Guys just to confirm,for Monday is anyone busy at 12-13:30?
2018/07/25, 19:03 - motsilp: Friday?
2018/07/25, 19:03 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Monday
2018/07/25, 19:03 - motsilp: Yep
2018/07/25, 19:07 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Okay let's wait for others,might have to move one of the meetings then
2018/07/25, 19:12 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: I'm not
2018/07/25, 19:14 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: That's okay,I'll book twice for Friday
2018/07/25, 19:17 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: I'm free Friday and Monday
2018/07/25, 19:20 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: We all have to be present so Monday is off the list
2018/07/25, 19:22 - motsilp: Most of us have to, not all
2018/07/25, 19:23 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Cool
2018/07/25, 21:23 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Guys,student numbers please. I want to cc y'all in the emails
2018/07/25, 21:24 - motsilp: 1312548
2018/07/25, 21:25 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Thanks Hloni
2018/07/25, 21:25 - motsilp: ‚úäüèæ
2018/07/25, 21:55 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: <Media omitted>
2018/07/25, 21:56 - motsilp: This is why you're scrum master. We suck at formal stuff
2018/07/25, 21:57 - motsilp: I likey
2018/07/25, 21:59 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Lol I think u guys would have done more or less the same thing
2018/07/25, 21:59 - motsilp: Nah
2018/07/25, 22:01 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Lol I have faith in y'all
2018/07/25, 22:01 - motsilp: yeah right ü§£ü§£ü§£ü§£
2018/07/25, 23:34 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: 1432706
2018/07/26, 07:15 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Thank you Mat
2018/07/26, 09:06 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Does any one know Steve James' email address I tried the standard name.surname one but it bounced
2018/07/26, 09:09 - motsilp: Try Steven James?
Or Stephen James
2018/07/26, 09:22 - motsilp: What's with the alphabets Terence put next to our names?
2018/07/26, 09:24 - motsilp: It's Steven.James@wits.ac.za
2018/07/26, 09:39 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: I have no idea
2018/07/26, 09:40 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: It went through,thanks
2018/07/26, 09:57 - motsilp: Awe
2018/07/26, 18:01 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: Any feedback on the appointments tomorrow?
2018/07/26, 19:34 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Nothing from Richard and Pravesh ü§∑üèΩ‚Äç‚ôÄ
2018/07/26, 19:35 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: <Media omitted>
2018/07/26, 19:38 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: üëåüèΩ cool beans
2018/07/26, 19:38 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Beans?
2018/07/26, 19:39 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: I forgot you don't know white slangü§¶üèΩ‚Äç‚ôÇ. I meant ok üëåüèΩ
2018/07/26, 19:40 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Lol üòÇüòÇüòÇüòÇ tsek
2018/07/26, 19:40 - motsilp: Richard and Pravesh?
2018/07/26, 19:41 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: .
2018/07/26, 19:42 - motsilp: Oh thanks
2018/07/26, 19:44 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: If they haven't responded yet, is it safe to assume they might be busy tomorrow?
2018/07/26, 19:46 - motsilp: ü§∑üèæ‚Äç‚ôÇ
2018/07/26, 20:05 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Richard most definatly doesn't have any lectures scheduled for the time I used to set a meeting so he might be doing something else,I'm not so sure with Pravesh because I requested a morning meeting
2018/07/26, 20:13 - motsilp: Morning for when?
2018/07/26, 20:14 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Friday
2018/07/26, 20:14 - motsilp: Tomorrow?
2018/07/26, 20:14 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Yes
2018/07/26, 20:21 - motsilp: Let's ambush him at his lab
2018/07/26, 20:22 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: When?
2018/07/26, 20:23 - motsilp: After lunch
2018/07/26, 20:23 - motsilp: Or we catch him at his office during lunch
2018/07/26, 20:23 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Pravesh?
2018/07/26, 20:23 - motsilp: Yes
2018/07/26, 20:24 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: We will have to do it during lunch and go see Richard directly afterwards
2018/07/26, 20:24 - motsilp: I'm cool with that
2018/07/26, 20:27 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Sweet
2018/07/27, 07:28 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Mat and Massi what time will yall be around because Nhloni won't make it today so we all need to at least be there
2018/07/27, 07:31 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: I'll be available from 10:15 to like 14:30
2018/07/27, 07:32 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: 09:00 to 13h15 I'm free
2018/07/27, 07:32 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: If need be I can make a plan
2018/07/27, 07:40 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: I was hoping we could catch Richard after lunch and Pravesh during lunch
2018/07/27, 08:34 - motsilp: Hloni
2018/07/27, 08:36 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Lol sorry I was typing and walking
2018/07/27, 08:36 - motsilp: Walping üòÇ
2018/07/27, 08:37 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Lol dude the struggle
2018/07/27, 12:25 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Praveesh is here guys btw
2018/07/27, 12:25 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: He just arrived
2018/07/27, 12:26 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: I'm having a tut write now
2018/07/27, 12:46 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Massi please ask him if we can see him during lunch
2018/07/27, 12:47 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Uhmm wish.
2018/07/27, 12:47 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: *eish
2018/07/27, 12:47 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: What's wrong?
2018/07/27, 12:47 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: I went to go get lunch
2018/07/27, 12:47 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: That's okay
2018/07/27, 13:10 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Guys where are y'all?
2018/07/27, 13:14 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: I'm at Senate,I'll be there in a bit
2018/07/27, 13:15 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Okay I'm MSL outside
2018/07/27, 13:16 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Mat???
2018/07/27, 13:30 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Where u now,
2018/07/27, 13:31 - motsilp: <Media omitted>
2018/07/27, 13:31 - motsilp: Just saw this noe
2018/07/27, 13:31 - motsilp: Now
2018/07/27, 13:38 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Pravesh said he replied to our email in his head üôÑ so we meeting him on Tuesday during lunch. That's the best he could do
2018/07/27, 13:38 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Ah I don't have this email üò≤
2018/07/27, 13:40 - motsilp: It just came in right now
I'm good for all the meetings
2018/07/27, 13:41 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Let's send the proper meeting schedule when I get home
2018/07/27, 13:42 - motsilp: @27798872874  @27742262952 can y'all make it
2018/07/27, 13:47 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: <Media omitted>
2018/07/27, 13:49 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: For Monday?
2018/07/27, 13:50 - motsilp: Monday and Tuesday
2018/07/27, 15:47 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Yeah I can make it.
2018/07/28, 09:57 - motsilp: Guys here is a list of skills/thingies I think you might need to know for this project:
HTML
JavaScript
MySQL
AngularJS/VueJS/React
MVC model
CSS
Python
TensorFlow
Numpy and Pandas
2018/07/28, 09:59 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: Which ones are you proficient in so far?
2018/07/28, 09:59 - motsilp: Still learning all of them
2018/07/28, 10:01 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: And php?
2018/07/28, 10:02 - motsilp: That too
2018/07/28, 10:03 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: Guess I'll start with that and angular js
2018/07/28, 10:17 - motsilp: And HTML. They go hand in hand
2018/07/28, 10:18 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: üëäüèΩ
2018/07/28, 10:19 - motsilp: üëäüèæ
2018/07/29, 21:16 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Good evening. This is the meeting schedule notification:

Dr Richard Klein
30 July (Monday)
13:15 - 14:00

Pravesh Ranchod
31 July (Tuesday)
13-15 - 14:00

Steven James
31 July (Tuesday)
14:15 - 14:45

Sorry for the late notification
2018/07/29, 21:19 - motsilp: Thanks Thandi
2018/07/30, 10:02 - motsilp: Where is the Richard meeting?
2018/07/30, 10:07 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: UG18,meeting room
2018/07/30, 10:10 - motsilp: Thanks
2018/07/30, 13:01 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Guys
2018/07/30, 13:03 - motsilp: Girl
2018/07/30, 13:06 - motsilp: 1enf nv√¢bBwm wnwbfddb√±ab√±eEttsn√± GBe
2018/07/30, 13:09 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: We are waiting for yoy
2018/07/30, 13:09 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: You
2018/07/31, 13:15 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Guys where are we meeting with praveesh
2018/07/31, 13:16 - motsilp: His office
2018/07/31, 13:16 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: You guys there already?
2018/07/31, 13:16 - motsilp: Yep
2018/07/31, 14:05 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: Y'all still there?
2018/07/31, 14:07 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: No,Pravesh never showed up
2018/08/01, 06:11 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: <Media omitted>
2018/08/01, 06:11 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: <Media omitted>
2018/08/01, 06:11 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: What do we do because we have to submit the ratings this morning
2018/08/01, 06:17 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Ay I don't know,maybe let's talk before class starts today.
2018/08/01, 06:24 - motsilp: Maybe he'll give us some time to submit the projects we want to do ü§∑üèæ‚Äç‚ôÇ
2018/08/01, 06:38 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: Tell Terrance wa gwan
2018/08/01, 07:37 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Okay
2018/08/01, 07:38 - motsilp: Someone please save me a seat
2018/08/01, 07:38 - motsilp: Unless the class starts before I get there. Then just give it away
2018/08/01, 07:39 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Class starts at 8:45 so you still have time
2018/08/01, 07:40 - motsilp: Not 9?
2018/08/01, 07:40 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: No
2018/08/01, 07:41 - motsilp: Chineke üôÜüèæ‚Äç‚ôÇüôÜüèæ‚Äç‚ôÇüôÜüèæ‚Äç‚ôÇüôÜüèæ‚Äç‚ôÇ
2018/08/01, 07:42 - motsilp: So I got an hour
2018/08/01, 07:46 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Yea
2018/08/01, 07:47 - motsilp: I'll prolly make it depending on the third bus
2018/08/01, 07:47 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Alright
2018/08/01, 12:24 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Guys are we still going to Pravesh
2018/08/01, 12:25 - motsilp: I don't think so
2018/08/01, 13:23 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Cool
2018/08/01, 13:25 - motsilp: Did out send the list?
2018/08/01, 13:29 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: The port was still closed
2018/08/01, 13:59 - motsilp: Oh
2018/08/01, 14:53 - motsilp: The thing looks open to me
2018/08/01, 16:39 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: I'll check now
2018/08/01, 16:43 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Guys are we still using Alpha Curr as the group name?
2018/08/01, 16:51 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: I thought we were the StarksüôÜüèΩ‚Äç‚ôÇ
2018/08/01, 16:52 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: We never discussed the name,it just came as a suggestion when we were walking after the lecture
2018/08/01, 17:05 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Team name:
Team members:
Lehlohonolo Motsi (1312548)
Masigita Rikhotso (1272188)
Tlotlang Sekgetho (1432706)
Thandi Tshabalala  (1472222)
Scrum master
Thandi Tshabalala 

Project ranking:
1. Visual front-end and early warning system (Steven James)
2. Test Date scheduling (group suggestion project)(Dr Richard Klein)
3. Wits Exam Timetable Scheduling System (Dr Richard Klein)
4. Board of Examiners Support System (Dr Richard Klein)
2018/08/01, 17:05 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Please confirm if this is okay before I submit
2018/08/01, 17:11 - motsilp: Yep
2018/08/01, 17:12 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: What are we going for,for the group name?
2018/08/01, 17:14 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: AlphaCurr is cool I guess.
2018/08/01, 17:28 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: üëåüèΩ
2018/08/01, 17:29 - motsilp: I second that
2018/08/01, 17:30 - motsilp: CM
2018/08/01, 17:30 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: CM?
2018/08/01, 17:30 - motsilp: Oh sorry
2018/08/01, 17:30 - motsilp: Wrong destination
2018/08/01, 17:33 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Okay. I had submitted
2018/08/02, 10:47 - motsilp: <Media omitted>
2018/08/02, 10:48 - motsilp: Askies Thandi
2018/08/02, 10:50 - motsilp: ü§£ü§£ü§£ the name sticks
2018/08/02, 10:55 - motsilp: Is Matthew aware of this?
2018/08/02, 10:56 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: Eish ah sorry ThandiüòÇüòÇüòÇü§∑üèΩ‚Äç‚ôÇ
2018/08/02, 11:18 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Lol why are y'all saying sorry?
2018/08/02, 11:18 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Yea he is,Terrence talked to him
2018/08/02, 11:18 - motsilp: Look at the client
2018/08/02, 11:18 - motsilp: Sure?
2018/08/02, 11:20 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Richard and Matthewü§∑üèΩ‚Äç‚ôÄ
2018/08/02, 11:27 - motsilp: Yeah right ü§£ü§£ü§£
2018/08/02, 12:01 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Lol relax and unwind hau
2018/08/03, 10:19 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: <Media omitted>
2018/08/03, 10:28 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Yeah that's fine
2018/08/03, 10:44 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Sure you guys don't have a tut for stats?
2018/08/03, 10:47 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Yeah we do,actually monday is better
2018/08/03, 10:50 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: We have a lab Monday for SD
2018/08/03, 10:50 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Are we all free Monday before lunch?
2018/08/03, 10:53 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Yeah
2018/08/03, 10:53 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: I think,well I am free.
2018/08/03, 10:56 - motsilp: Yep
2018/08/03, 10:56 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: Yeah
2018/08/03, 10:56 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Cool Monday 12pm it is
2018/08/05, 11:02 - motsilp: Guys I've got HTML/CSS videos if you want them
2018/08/05, 11:05 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: üôèüèΩ
2018/08/05, 11:19 - motsilp: I gots you famo
2018/08/06, 09:51 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: The meeting is at 12:30 No longer 12
2018/08/06, 10:12 - motsilp: Thank God
2018/08/06, 11:57 - motsilp: Where is the meeting?
2018/08/06, 12:11 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Matthew's office
2018/08/06, 12:11 - motsilp: Cool
2018/08/06, 12:25 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Hloni we are waiting for you
2018/08/06, 14:52 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: As we begin our meeting
2018/08/06, 14:54 - motsilp: What are you talking about?
2018/08/06, 14:55 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: The daily scrum meeting over whatsapp
2018/08/06, 14:56 - motsilp: oh
2018/08/06, 15:49 - motsilp: Some links:
Vaadin: https://vaadin.com/
Google Web Toolkit (GWT): http://www.gwtproject.org/
2018/08/06, 15:55 - motsilp: Tutorials:
HTML: https://www.w3schools.com/html/default.asp
CSS: https://www.w3schools.com/css/default.asp
PHP: https://www.w3schools.com/php/default.asp
Bootstrap: https://www.w3schools.com/bootstrap4/default.asp
SQL: https://www.w3schools.com/sql/default.asp
2018/08/06, 16:08 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: https://github.com/MS35/WITS-SoftwareDesign.git
2018/08/06, 21:08 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: <Media omitted>
2018/08/06, 21:08 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: <Media omitted>
2018/08/06, 21:08 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Any additions before I hit send?
2018/08/06, 21:44 - motsilp: Looks good to me
2018/08/06, 22:08 - motsilp: I have videos for Got and GitHub if you want them
2018/08/06, 22:09 - motsilp: *Git
2018/08/06, 22:22 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Have you figured how to put the badges
2018/08/06, 22:28 - motsilp: Nah
2018/08/06, 22:28 - motsilp: I think GitHub does that automatically
2018/08/06, 22:29 - motsilp: I also have HTTP vids
2018/08/06, 22:31 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Okay,will get evrythibg tomorrow
2018/08/07, 11:03 - motsilp: Do we have a dataset yet?
2018/08/07, 11:05 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: No
2018/08/08, 09:50 - You added Muhammed "Other Mo" Variawa
2018/08/09, 15:18 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Hey guys,our next meeting with Matthew and Richard is on Monday 12pm. I think that's when we will also get the data as well.

There's one thing we didn't seem to concider on our last meeting with Matthew,our project is Test Date and Classroom Scheduling but we seem to only concentrate on the Classroom Scheduling with Matthew. So my question is are we going both projects or just the Classroom Scheduling?
2018/08/09, 15:28 - motsilp: They can decide which parts they want to add to the Product Backlog
2018/08/09, 15:30 - motsilp: So both can be done in order of importance from the Product backlog. It also gives us a lot so that we don't really have to finish everything everything. Remember Terence said that if everything is done done before we run out of time, then the project was too small
2018/08/09, 15:30 - motsilp: Is Richard coming to the meeting as well?
2018/08/09, 15:38 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Yea from Monday he will be around
2018/08/09, 15:39 - motsilp: We also need a copy of tge venue booking and/or test scheduling forms
2018/08/09, 15:39 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Why?
2018/08/09, 15:41 - motsilp: They can also help with the type of data we need to collect and how to collect it
For example, the venue booking form can show us how the venue booking web page should look
2018/08/09, 15:42 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: But from the data it will tell you what type of data is needed
2018/08/09, 15:43 - motsilp: Doesn't hurt to have as much info as possible ü§∑üèæ‚Äç‚ôÇü§∑üèæ‚Äç‚ôÇü§∑üèæ‚Äç‚ôÇ
2018/08/09, 15:43 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: For instance,the data Matthew showed us. That data is from the forms it's just writtien in a spreadsheet
2018/08/09, 15:44 - motsilp: True
2018/08/09, 15:44 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: But if you want it you can ask for it on Monday but for the test there's no form whatsoever
2018/08/09, 15:46 - motsilp: Oh okay
2018/08/12, 19:56 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Good evening guys,

Don't forget tomorrow's meeting with Matthew and Richard at 12pm,the venue will probably be Matthew or Richard's officeüôÇ
2018/08/12, 19:58 - motsilp: Cool
2018/08/12, 20:48 - Muhammed "Other Mo" Variawa: May call someone on WhatsApp and have a conference call please? Or maybe Skype?
2018/08/12, 20:50 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: We can fill you up after the meeting unless you wanna be there throughout
2018/08/13, 11:55 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Meeting in 5
2018/08/13, 11:56 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: We going to be like 10 minutes late because we are coming from east
2018/08/13, 11:56 - motsilp: Nearly there
2018/08/13, 11:57 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Okay im already inside
2018/08/13, 12:01 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: We're in Matthew's office
2018/08/13, 12:36 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Mo can you please send me your email address so that I can send you the data we got
2018/08/13, 13:00 - Muhammed "Other Mo" Variawa: No problem .... It's 
mo7o.luca@gmail.com 
Or
755427@students.wits.ac.za
2018/08/13, 13:14 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: I just sent an email with the link to a Google drive file with the data and the form we got

Mo can I please update you later today,I'm having a lab after lunch
2018/08/13, 14:29 - Muhammed "Other Mo" Variawa: Thanks for the link I received it.... As for keeping me in the loop its no rush. Tonight shall be good whenever we are both Fred
2018/08/13, 14:29 - Muhammed "Other Mo" Variawa: Free
2018/08/13, 14:32 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Okay cool no problem
2018/08/13, 17:32 - motsilp: @27742262952 @27746870601  Please send your versions of the backlog notes you took today. I wanna get started on the user stories
2018/08/13, 17:33 - motsilp: Does the system we are making have to integrate with SIMS for course code, names, details, etc?
2018/08/13, 19:05 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: I'll send the recording as well
2018/08/13, 19:10 - motsilp: Thanks
2018/08/13, 23:33 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: <Media omitted>
2018/08/13, 23:34 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Sorry for the late update;I wasn't feeling okay and I passed out just woke up a few minutes ago. I'm tryna send the recording but it's giving me problems so it might take some time
2018/08/13, 23:35 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: I'll upload the recording in the file on Google drive it's too big for me to send it here
2018/08/14, 05:05 - motsilp: Thanks Thandi
2018/08/14, 05:05 - motsilp: Please get better
2018/08/14, 09:38 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Thanks.

If there's anything missing from my meeting notes please feel free to add.

And reminder; Daily Scrum meeting tomorrow at 11am,I'll confirm the venue in the morning
2018/08/14, 09:38 - motsilp: Cool
2018/08/15, 09:49 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Meeting reminder:
Time:11a.m
Venue: *OGS4*
2018/08/15, 09:50 - motsilp: OGS 4? What happened to laptop station?
2018/08/15, 09:52 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: OGS3 sorry. We agreed from the first time we talked about meetings that laptop station isn't a really good idea
2018/08/15, 10:00 - motsilp: Oh okay
2018/08/15, 11:09 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: We're at OGS3
2018/08/15, 11:10 - motsilp: Cool
2018/08/15, 11:13 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Mat we now at OGS4
2018/08/17, 09:53 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Meeting at WSS tut room 106
2018/08/17, 09:59 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: What time ?
2018/08/17, 09:59 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: We agreed with 10
2018/08/17, 09:59 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Oh sorry
2018/08/17, 10:00 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: I'll be 5 mins late
2018/08/17, 11:34 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: https://github.com/MS35/WITS-SoftwareDesign/invitations
2018/08/19, 10:57 - motsilp: <Media omitted>
2018/08/19, 10:57 - motsilp: Happy birthday to the Scrum Master
2018/08/19, 11:06 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: üôÇ
2018/08/19, 11:26 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: Happy birthday Thandiüî•
2018/08/19, 11:26 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Thank you Mat
2018/08/19, 12:00 - Muhammed "Other Mo" Variawa: Happy Birthday. Many happy returns for the day üëåüèºüéâüéäü•ôüç±
2018/08/19, 12:10 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Thank you Mo
2018/08/19, 12:47 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Happy birthday Thandi.
2018/08/19, 13:03 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Thank you
2018/08/19, 14:11 - motsilp: Do we have a meeting with Matthew and/or Richard tomorrow?
2018/08/19, 14:24 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: No Richard didn't send the email with the login details
2018/08/19, 14:25 - motsilp: Okay
2018/08/19, 14:29 - motsilp: https://tree.taiga.io/support/frequently-asked-questions/who-is-taiga-for/
2018/08/20, 10:42 - motsilp: Guys I got bad news
2018/08/20, 10:42 - motsilp: Vaadin won't work on the lamp servers
2018/08/20, 10:42 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: What's wrong?
2018/08/20, 10:43 - motsilp: We're gonna have to use PHP and Python
2018/08/20, 10:44 - motsilp: LAMP servers won't run node or Java EE and we don't have the rights to install Apache Tomcat
2018/08/20, 10:46 - motsilp: But we can do the optimisation in python
2018/08/20, 10:47 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: That's okay then
2018/08/20, 10:47 - motsilp: Good news (especially for Matt)
Anyone can add the user stories to Taiga, doesn't have to be the GitMaster
2018/08/20, 10:48 - motsilp: Still trying to figure out how Travis and Coveralls function, but they work together
2018/08/20, 10:56 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: I know how travis works
2018/08/20, 10:56 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: I can explain it to you
2018/08/20, 10:56 - motsilp: Cool
2018/08/20, 10:56 - motsilp: We'll talk in the lab
2018/08/20, 10:56 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Okay coo
2018/08/20, 10:57 - motsilp: @27798872874  Ghost is now Ghost II
2018/08/20, 10:58 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: So you got linux to work?
2018/08/20, 10:58 - motsilp: Yeah
2018/08/20, 10:59 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Niceüëå
2018/08/20, 16:05 - motsilp: Most of the product backlog has been added on Taiga but the priorities have not been set yet
2018/08/20, 16:06 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: @27741722354 did you tell Terence that you're in our group?
2018/08/20, 16:22 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: <Media omitted>
2018/08/20, 16:30 - Muhammed "Other Mo" Variawa: <Media omitted>
2018/08/20, 16:31 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Okay thanks
2018/08/20, 17:33 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: I really need an input on this so that I can get back to Terence
2018/08/20, 17:36 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Personally I feel like we have enough people. I mean five is a lot plus we don't even know the guy.
2018/08/20, 17:38 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Thank you Masi for your input
2018/08/20, 17:39 - motsilp: I'm with Masi
2018/08/20, 17:41 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Thank you Hloni
2018/08/20, 18:22 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: I'm happy with our group the way it is, plus we've already discussed and started working on some stuff
2018/08/20, 19:48 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Thank you Mat
2018/08/21, 11:36 - motsilp: Guys for any database related work use DataGrip by Jetbrains to make your lives easier. You can connect it to the LAMP servers and code like you normally would in IntelliJ
2018/08/21, 22:40 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Hey guys. Don't forget we have a meeting tomorrow at 11 at OGS3,we have a bit of changes regarding the task allocation so tomorrow's meeting is quite important. Also got feedback about the missing data
2018/08/21, 22:41 - Muhammed "Other Mo" Variawa: Thandi tomorrow is Eid. Is it not possible to do it on Thursday by any chance
2018/08/21, 22:43 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Hey sorry I forgot about the religious holiday. Unfortunately Thursday majority is unavailable but we will just meet up on Friday for the other daily scrum meeting its okay
2018/08/21, 22:45 - Muhammed "Other Mo" Variawa: OK thats no problem but I think I need to at least try to be tomorrow available so if I can make some time away in a corner from the farm then I'll call one of you at 11 and maybe just listen to what is going to be said at least.
2018/08/21, 22:49 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: No there's no need for that. We won't have a meeting tomorrow,we will just discuss everything on Friday when you're around
2018/08/22, 08:56 - motsilp: https://secure.php.net/manual/en/book.ldap.php
2018/08/22, 08:56 - motsilp: This is for LDAP and user access
2018/08/22, 11:11 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Guys what time do y'all think it's best to present between 9a.m and 2pm?30 minutes each time slot
2018/08/22, 11:15 - Muhammed "Other Mo" Variawa: Well its a Friday so I would say anytime before 1 should be fine. Is that good
2018/08/23, 22:54 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Hey guys. Please don't forget we have a meeting tomorrow between 10a.m til 12p.m, I'll confirm the venue in the morning if its still WSS tut room 106
2018/08/24, 18:54 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Hey guys,Hloni and I finished scoring the backlog. You can go through it from where we all voted as a group and see if you agree with what Hloni and I decided on and give feedback.
2018/08/25, 11:29 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Guys,I found some DBF lecture slides that may be of use,should I add them to the drive?
2018/08/25, 11:42 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Yea sure go ahead
2018/08/25, 15:37 - motsilp: Guys I'm gonna "reconfigure" our repo on GitHub. There will be 3 folders on it
1. Development: this is where all the stuff we are working on will be. Go mad on what's in here
2. Production: this is the one we use to deploy to the server. Everything here will be on the server and fully functional. Don't touch.
3. Documents: this will store any miscellaneous stuff like minutes, documents, datasets (not databases), videos, etc. Go mad here yoo
2018/08/25, 15:51 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Okay cool
2018/08/25, 21:35 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: <Media omitted>
2018/08/25, 21:36 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: <Media omitted>
2018/08/25, 21:38 - motsilp: I like the first one more
2018/08/26, 00:47 - motsilp: *ATTENTION!!!!!!!!*


Someone who did the course last year told me that most of what we have to do for Sprint 1 is pretty much documentation, minutes, deciding on architecture, setting up Github, Taiga, Travis and Coveralls and making sure that they work, writing a wiki on what our project does and the vision behind it, maybe have a working login/ logout and some small interaction with the database, minutes and agenda of our meetings, have a refined backlog (kinda there), planning out how everything will be done, etc
2018/08/26, 00:47 - motsilp: its mostly writing out documents
2018/08/26, 00:55 - motsilp: @27742262952  @27798872874  do we have Coveralls working yet?
2018/08/26, 01:04 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: I have all the minutes in formal writing and the voice recordings I always take during meetings.

Since Mo offered to do most of the documentation we just need to give him whatever he needs to get started
2018/08/26, 01:12 - motsilp: We also need minutes and agenda for the meetings between us
2018/08/26, 01:15 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: I have everything
2018/08/26, 01:17 - motsilp: Cool. All we need to do is just type them up and put them on Github
2018/08/26, 01:21 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Okay
2018/08/26, 01:22 - motsilp: And we all need to commit something on Github. Even if its a .txt with a short meaase
2018/08/26, 01:24 - motsilp: And we need to test something on Travis and Coveralls. Even if that test is saying 1 = 1 is true
2018/08/26, 01:26 - motsilp: So we need a wiki on Github saying what we are making and why and yada yada yada ya
2018/08/26, 01:27 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Just copy it from Taiga because the person who created the project must have at least done that
2018/08/26, 01:37 - motsilp: <Media omitted>
2018/08/26, 01:38 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Go into Taiga right now,it has WIKI
2018/08/26, 01:48 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: I should've uploaded a README.md file that states that
2018/08/26, 03:30 - motsilp: You deleted this message
2018/08/26, 03:32 - motsilp: https://github.com/ProperNotifier/coms3009-propernotifier

This is an example of what our Github should look like. This was made by Mellow and her team last year
2018/08/26, 03:32 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: You're setting all that up?
2018/08/26, 03:35 - motsilp: Nah. Not yet. Imma catch like 30 minutes of shuteye first
2018/08/26, 03:36 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Okay
2018/08/26, 04:00 - Muhammed "Other Mo" Variawa: I'm also getting some info from another groups github from last year.... Will let you know when they give me the repo
2018/08/26, 04:01 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Cool
2018/08/26, 13:33 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: Is this week's lab for SD?
2018/08/26, 15:42 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: SD probably
2018/08/26, 23:28 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: @27741722354 do you have Discord?
2018/08/26, 23:31 - Muhammed "Other Mo" Variawa: I tried using it on my phone but it says I can't authenticate connection so doesn't want to connect
2018/08/26, 23:33 - Muhammed "Other Mo" Variawa: But if it doesn't work then just record the meeting and I'll do what I did with the last recording and just ask you if I miss understand anything
2018/08/26, 23:34 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Okay no problem
2018/08/27, 11:16 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Hey guys please don't forget about the meeting at 12
2018/08/27, 11:17 - motsilp: Isn't it 12:30?
2018/08/27, 11:19 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: No 12,the 1st time was 12:30 because Matthew had a meeting before that. Our last meeting was at 12
2018/08/27, 11:19 - motsilp: Fuck. I'm too far
2018/08/27, 11:20 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: It's okay you'll join us or will explain after if we finish early
2018/08/27, 11:20 - motsilp: Thanks
2018/08/27, 12:04 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: I'm already at MSB
2018/08/28, 16:37 - motsilp: Guys please Taiga urgently to view the taskboard. I have already allocated tasks but you can change them if you feel they aren't just (I tried to be fiar)
2018/08/28, 17:44 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Hloni what reasoning did you use when pointing tasks to every one?
2018/08/28, 17:47 - motsilp: Who is one front end and who is on backend
2018/08/28, 17:48 - motsilp: So you and Matt got frontend
Masi and I have backend
Mo isn't on Taiga so I couldn't allocate to him
2018/08/28, 17:48 - motsilp: You can change it if you want. We need help on the login backend
2018/08/28, 17:49 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Masi is working on that,well last I was informed rather
2018/08/28, 17:49 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: And i alternate between front and back
2018/08/28, 17:50 - motsilp: The LDAP stuff is a mission. We need all the help we can get
2018/08/28, 17:50 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: I thought we were following the allocation from one first allocation meeting but it's cool
2018/08/28, 17:50 - motsilp: I am aware of that
2018/08/28, 17:51 - motsilp: Wasn't the initial allocation
Matt and Mo on front
Masi and I on back
You on both?
2018/08/28, 17:52 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Then the task?
2018/08/28, 17:53 - motsilp: I divided the tasks between front and back
2018/08/28, 17:53 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Its cool with go on with your allocation
2018/08/28, 17:53 - motsilp: Or at least I think I did
2018/08/29, 07:56 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Hey guys,don't forget about today's meeting
2018/08/29, 08:08 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: Today's meeting?
2018/08/29, 08:09 - motsilp: At 11
2018/08/29, 08:15 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: I've got HPC , won't make it
2018/08/29, 08:16 - motsilp: What is HPC?
2018/08/29, 08:33 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: And it's our last meeting before submission and after the meeting we went to yesterday with Hloni we need to discuss a few things since our approach to the project has hit a slight bump
2018/08/29, 08:36 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: When did we decide on having a meeting today? I'd already planned my day
2018/08/29, 08:37 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: When are our daily face to face scrum meetings?
2018/08/29, 08:39 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: Every Wednesday for the past 3 weeks I've been at HPC from 10-12, if our meetings are at the time, then I'm sorry
2018/08/29, 08:41 - motsilp: <Media omitted>
2018/08/29, 08:42 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: You've attended all the wednesday meeting thouü§®
2018/08/29, 08:43 - motsilp: <Media omitted>
2018/08/29, 08:44 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: If they're between 10 and 12, then nahü§∑üèΩ‚Äç‚ôÇ
2018/08/29, 08:44 - motsilp: <Media omitted>
2018/08/29, 08:46 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: You're joking right?
2018/08/29, 08:49 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: Don't worry, I'll cut my session shortüòå
But Ima be late
2018/08/29, 08:51 - motsilp: @27742262952 Which day do you think it is?
2018/08/29, 11:00 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Meeting is at WSS tut room 113
2018/08/29, 11:09 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: We're moving to 106
2018/08/29, 11:12 - Muhammed "Other Mo" Variawa: Gonna leave my lecture in 10
2018/08/29, 11:14 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Okay
2018/08/29, 11:29 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: On my way
2018/08/29, 11:43 - Muhammed "Other Mo" Variawa: 106 has a class though
2018/08/29, 11:44 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Sorry 107
2018/08/29, 18:50 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Guys,I've got travis ci and coveralls working on the dev branch on github
2018/08/29, 18:51 - motsilp: <Media omitted>
2018/08/29, 18:55 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Guys I just came out of the meeting with Mo and a were going the Sprint 1 rubric and were focusing on wrong this. One we don't even know what architecture were using but were already developing. For Sprint 1 we need documentation mainly and we currently don't have it even if we did it won't be properly. So I need us to discuss some things right now to help Mo and I complete the documantation
2018/08/29, 18:55 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Okay cool
2018/08/29, 18:58 - motsilp: I'm on the bus right now
2018/08/29, 18:58 - motsilp: I'll respond properly when I get home
2018/08/29, 18:59 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: It's okay im also trying to get to my room
2018/08/29, 18:59 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Must we just start at 20:00?
2018/08/29, 19:00 - motsilp: I know we don't really have an event-driven architecture
2018/08/29, 19:00 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: We will discuss everything at 8
2018/08/29, 19:01 - motsilp: But we are probably moving to a OOD
2018/08/29, 19:01 - motsilp: I'll probably still be on the road
2018/08/29, 19:01 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: What time will you be home?
2018/08/29, 19:01 - motsilp: 8:30
2018/08/29, 19:02 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Okay 9 then to give you time
2018/08/29, 19:14 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Yeah that's fine. Thandi what time did you book the assessment with Terrence on Friday?
2018/08/29, 19:17 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: 12:30
2018/08/29, 19:18 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Oh ok cool,thanks.
2018/08/29, 19:19 - motsilp: Thanks
2018/08/29, 20:04 - motsilp: Does anyone have the actual architecture slides Terence has been using in class?
2018/08/29, 20:27 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Should be on one of the slides
2018/08/29, 21:01 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: We starting?
2018/08/29, 21:02 - motsilp: Yeah
2018/08/29, 21:03 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Yea. Can we please all have Sprint 1 rubric open for all of us because I want us to actually check on what we have and don't have
2018/08/29, 21:06 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Ok,what next?
2018/08/29, 21:07 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Sorry,didn't see the last part of the message
2018/08/29, 21:09 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: We are going to do a checklist, for the first thing on the rubric its basically the documentation of the meetings we have been having with Richard and Matthew and also as group and also adding the meeting Hloni and I had with Mrs Moosa from PIMD on Tuesday  so that fine.
2018/08/29, 21:11 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: What I wanna know is for the second part "Requirements Analysis document" is the WIKI on Taiga has a description of the project?
2018/08/29, 21:12 - motsilp: Taiga has a wiki?
2018/08/29, 21:13 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: I'll check
2018/08/29, 21:15 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: It won't show on our end since we didn't create the project
2018/08/29, 21:16 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Yeah it does,Matt still had his account logged on so I can see it.
2018/08/29, 21:16 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: <Media omitted>
2018/08/29, 21:17 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Masi change the number of expected Sprints to 5
2018/08/29, 21:18 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Okay,done
2018/08/29, 21:18 - motsilp: Enable wiki
2018/08/29, 21:19 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Done
2018/08/29, 21:19 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: I think you should be able to see it on your taiga right now
2018/08/29, 21:19 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: On the sidebars
2018/08/29, 21:19 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: It's the icon that is an openbook
2018/08/29, 21:20 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: yea its visible, I think we should turn everything in those settings on
2018/08/29, 21:21 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Okay will do.
2018/08/29, 21:22 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: <Media omitted>
2018/08/29, 21:23 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Yea leave it off
2018/08/29, 21:24 - motsilp: Don't enable Kanban
2018/08/29, 21:25 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: I thought Mat was going to complete the WIKI since he is the one who created the project but then thats that. Now which architecture are we using?
2018/08/29, 21:29 - motsilp: It looks like we have a microkernel architecture
2018/08/29, 21:29 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Is that ideal for a web application?
2018/08/29, 21:30 - motsilp: I think so. Everything thing we add can be seen as a plugin.
2018/08/29, 21:31 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: I don't understand how is that so
2018/08/29, 21:36 - motsilp: Think of basic adding and viewing as a basic product. Then look at the remaining features we have to implement as a plugin. So look at these as features that add extra functionality:
Email reminders
Cutoff dates
Filtering down the bookings by days and time
Optimisation
Allowing deletion and updating of bookings
Clash resolving
Etc
2018/08/29, 21:37 - motsilp: The basic product can be the website with a login, lectures application and viewing pages, and PIMD being able to view the venue applications
2018/08/29, 21:38 - motsilp: Small things like auto-logout can be added as plugins as well
2018/08/29, 21:40 - motsilp: With a mix of a layered architecture
2018/08/29, 21:40 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: I think you're right actually, but the thing is how much of what was mentioned in the first paragraph is actually part of the main functionality?
2018/08/29, 21:41 - motsilp: Mentioned here?
2018/08/29, 21:41 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Yeah
2018/08/29, 21:42 - motsilp: Maybe one
2018/08/29, 21:43 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: I'm confused
2018/08/29, 21:45 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: The thing is I feel plugins are like apps to a phone,a phones basic function is to call but we found that other needs may be met by a phone if that makes sense
2018/08/29, 21:46 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: So we have apps that allow you to text,or play games and so forth which are not critical to the system but are nice to have
2018/08/29, 21:50 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Thats what I was going to raise actually,and also isn't that a website is informational it doesn't really take in database and a web application is more interactive whereby there is a communication between the web and database since if certain buttons are pressed data can be fetched and displayed(fetch form for update) and push/send data to the database(venue application information from the application form) (which is what I thought we were doing)
2018/08/29, 21:54 - motsilp: Let's just call it "the system" for now
2018/08/29, 21:54 - motsilp: I like Masi's analogy
2018/08/29, 22:01 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: We can't call it the "the system" in the documentation we need to say which architecture we are using and why also that will give us a clear idea of which programming languages to use
2018/08/29, 22:02 - motsilp: This is what I'm proposing:
The basic product is the system with a login. From the login the user can either apply for a venue or view any applications that they have made; or they can view all the applications that have been made if they are PIMD user.

This is a product that sort of mimics the way PIMD works currently and makes their lives easier by having one centralised datasource
2018/08/29, 22:03 - motsilp: Everything else can be added as a plugin that adds in a new feature
2018/08/29, 22:05 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: I'm not all for the plugin thingy its just not fitting what I think we are suppose to be doing
2018/08/29, 22:06 - motsilp: In the end we deliver the same working product. It also makes developing easier
2018/08/29, 22:07 - motsilp: It's not like they are going to download them
2018/08/29, 22:11 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Its not about them downloaded them its about understanding the architecture that we are using and how it best fits our project. If we just choosing an architecture for peace sake that was going to be okay but now we have to account for why we use plugins and I personally can't and I feel like we should use something more relative to web application like Model-View-Control architecture, we won't we even have to change the languages we are working in because it does accommodate them
2018/08/29, 22:16 - motsilp: MVC is not an architecture, it's more of a methodology of developing software. Each new feature we add would follow MVC. Four types of architectures were covered in class. These are:
Layered
Microkernel
Event-driven and
Space based
2018/08/29, 22:22 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: <Media omitted>
2018/08/29, 22:23 - motsilp: We don't really have a use for an Event-driven or Space-based architecture. Their main method of operation is not really suited for our project. We could try a layered architecture but that makes adding new stuff a mission and also makes fixing errors and changing stuff a nightmare because everything builds up on something below it in the layers. It also makes deployment a problem because you'll have to redeploy the whole product for any small changes you make or any new features you add
2018/08/29, 22:24 - motsilp: Oh, okay
2018/08/29, 22:27 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: And I don't see the architecture you mentioned on the notes,did he mention them by passing in the lecture?
2018/08/29, 22:28 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Besides Layeres and Microkernel ofcourse
2018/08/29, 22:28 - motsilp: He did microkernel today in class
2018/08/29, 22:28 - motsilp: He did event driven and space based in class today
2018/08/29, 22:29 - motsilp: Even used AWS as an example for space based
2018/08/29, 22:29 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: From the textbook notes?
2018/08/29, 22:30 - motsilp: Yeah
2018/08/29, 22:30 - motsilp: <Media omitted>
2018/08/29, 22:30 - motsilp: This is recommended
2018/08/29, 22:33 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Thanks man
2018/08/29, 22:34 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Yea I have it
2018/08/29, 22:38 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: I think we should do some research I mean what defines an architecture as opposed to an architectural pattern? I mean is the architecture just mainly the framework but then the interaction between parts in the architecture defines the architecture, but then wouldn't that be a pattern. Unless it's just me?
2018/08/29, 22:45 - motsilp: We sound sleepy ü§£ü§£ü§£
2018/08/29, 22:47 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Nah I'm actually on the same page as you
2018/08/29, 22:50 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: üòÇyeah I think we should sleep on it. 

But yeah,I think once we understand the difference between pattern architecture  we can move on quicker. I mean there's a video I watched just now that sorta helps but not really.
2018/08/29, 22:51 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: https://youtu.be/i7aKW7YNOxY
2018/08/29, 22:54 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: We really don't have the time to sleep over things because tomorrow is the last day,but by tomorrow say before 12 we should have decided. 

So going "Software Architecture and Design"
2018/08/29, 23:05 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Yeah,but we can make it earlier because if it's both architecture and design its gonna be quite a lot
2018/08/29, 23:07 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Is the WIKI filled in Github?
2018/08/29, 23:10 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: I don't think so
2018/08/29, 23:19 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: That should be done as well
2018/08/30, 10:54 - motsilp: hen are we meeting
2018/08/30, 11:01 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: When thandi is done with class. Also I'm not in today so I'll discord in.
2018/08/30, 11:01 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: The are not physically meeting we will talk here or on discord
2018/08/30, 11:03 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: We should use discord,try get it on your PC's,it will make life easier.
2018/08/30, 11:15 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: https://discord.gg/KpNekz
2018/08/30, 11:15 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: This is the link to the group once you've installed dicord and made an account.
2018/08/30, 16:10 - Muhammed "Other Mo" Variawa: <Media omitted>
2018/08/30, 16:10 - Muhammed "Other Mo" Variawa: <Media omitted>
2018/08/30, 18:25 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Hey guys,do you need any help with the documentation?
2018/08/30, 18:25 - motsilp: <Media omitted>
2018/08/30, 18:29 - Muhammed "Other Mo" Variawa: I uploaded a doc on the drive just with a rough template of what I was thinking just needs to kinda hopefully be done then we can see how to merge onto the wiki. Also I think the taiga notes and checklist needs to be completed and ticked off or not for the  sprint. I'm sure there are other things just at work so will have to see when I get home. Uhmmmm yeah .... üòÖüôà
2018/08/30, 18:29 - motsilp: I'll look into it
2018/08/30, 18:30 - Muhammed "Other Mo" Variawa: If you can just add what you can it makes life easier and that cause only  tomorrow after we see Terrance will we know what he like what's with his life
2018/08/30, 18:31 - Muhammed "Other Mo" Variawa: Yeah hopefully that works out and that
2018/08/30, 18:32 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Okay cool.
2018/08/30, 20:29 - motsilp: @27741722354 don't make the ERD. DataGrip can generate onr
2018/08/30, 20:29 - motsilp: One
2018/08/30, 22:24 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Is the WIKI for Taiga and GitHub completed?
2018/08/30, 22:25 - motsilp: Don't think they are
2018/08/30, 22:27 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Masi you can handle that  since he was asking if we new help
2018/08/30, 22:29 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Ok cool
2018/08/30, 22:35 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Ok quick question,do we have a shortened product name?
2018/08/30, 22:36 - motsilp: Venues?
2018/08/30, 22:36 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Or should I go by the acronym  CVA which was on one of the files on the drive
2018/08/30, 22:37 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Yea CVA sounds okay
2018/08/30, 22:37 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Okay cool
2018/08/30, 23:41 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Guys could you check out the wiki and tell what you think
2018/08/30, 23:44 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: It's the one on github
2018/08/30, 23:46 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: You just copied the template on the drive that Mo uploaded?
2018/08/30, 23:50 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Nah,I actually just wrote it from what I thought was important. But I'll check out Mo's template thanks.
2018/08/30, 23:54 - Muhammed "Other Mo" Variawa: So I put my template on the git and added it. See what you peeps think
2018/08/30, 23:54 - Muhammed "Other Mo" Variawa: I looked at it. Looks good and on point
2018/08/30, 23:56 - motsilp: Everyone should put in their student numbers
2018/08/31, 00:10 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: I can't see it unless I'm looking at the wrong place
2018/08/31, 00:13 - motsilp: @27798872874 i @27742262952 
Student number please
2018/08/31, 00:15 - Motheo "Matt" Sekgetho: 1432706
2018/08/31, 00:15 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: I have them I can put them
2018/08/31, 00:15 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: 1272188
2018/08/31, 00:15 - motsilp: Okay cool
2018/08/31, 00:16 - motsilp: Database and ERDs are nearly done
2018/08/31, 00:18 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Also guys,we need to use that "issues" thing on github.
2018/08/31, 00:18 - motsilp: Anyone know where Matt disappeared off to?
2018/08/31, 00:19 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: It counts towards github usage. I mean I know we have had no code but I think we can add expected issues
2018/08/31, 00:19 - motsilp: Masi you wrote your name wrong
2018/08/31, 00:19 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Where?
2018/08/31, 00:20 - motsilp: Unless its Masigita
2018/08/31, 00:20 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Oh fix it please
2018/08/31, 00:20 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: I fixed it
2018/08/31, 00:21 - Masingita "Masi" Rikhotso: Thanks
2018/08/31, 00:28 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Also the epic section in Taiga for the backlog items with large point numbers
2018/08/31, 00:41 - motsilp: Database design is done
2018/08/31, 00:45 - motsilp: <Media omitted>
2018/08/31, 00:50 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: It looks proper
2018/08/31, 00:51 - motsilp: It is in the Database folder in the dev branch on Github
2018/08/31, 00:52 - Thandi "Twin Thandi" Tshabalala: Cool
2018/08/31, 01:08 - motsilp: The database creation script in on GitHub in the Database folder in the dev branch
2018/08/31, 02:04 - motsilp: What is required from the epics
2018/08/31, 02:19 - motsilp: Guys do we really need to do epics?
2018/08/31, 02:54 - motsilp: You deleted this message
2018/08/31, 02:55 - motsilp: <Media omitted>
2018/08/31, 02:55 - motsilp: <Media omitted>
